Improve ISS Content Management (#1290)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_importing-into-the-library-environment.adoc

-rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp 333 Mar  2 04:29 export-1e25417c-6d09-49d4-b9a5-23df4db3d52a-20210302_0335-toc.json
-rw-r--r--. 1 pulp pulp 443 Mar  2 04:29 metadata.json
----
. On {ProjectServer} where you want to import, create/enable repositories of the same name and label as the exported content.
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Products*.
. Click the *Yum content* tab.

> . Add the same `Yum` content that the exported content includes.

Reviewer: Agree lines 25 - 28 are unnecessary. They are automatic on import.

--path=/var/lib/pulp/imports/2021-03-02T03-35-24-00-00
----
+
Note you must enter the full path `/var/lib/pulp/imports/_My_Exported_Library_Dir_`.
Relative paths do not work.
. To verify that you imported the Library content, check the contents of the Product and Repositories.
A new Content View called `Import-Library` is created in the target organization.
This Content View is used to facilitate the Library content import.
+

> By default, this Content View is not shown in the web UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, this Content View is not shown in the {ProjectWebUI}.
```

--path=/var/lib/pulp/imports/2021-03-02T03-35-24-00-00
----
+
Note you must enter the full path `/var/lib/pulp/imports/_My_Exported_Library_Dir_`.
Relative paths do not work.
. To verify that you imported the Library content, check the contents of the Product and Repositories.
A new Content View called `Import-Library` is created in the target organization.

> This Content View is used to facilitate the Library content import.

Reviewer 3: Should add some more info here:

"By default, this content view is not shown in the web UI.
'Import-Library' is __not__ meant to be assigned directly to hosts. Instead, assign your hosts to 'Default Organization View' or another content view as you would normally."
